Remove capi-provider-agent role from hypershift management (#1153)
openshift/hypershift: docs/content/how-to/baremetal-agent.md

EOF
~~~

> > **NOTE**: If you wish to use `InfraEnv` from a namespace that isn't the ${HOSTED_CLUSTER_NS} you should create a role for capi-provider-agent in that namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: If you wish to use an `InfraEnv` (and its associated `Agents`) from a namespace that isn't the ${HOSTED_CLUSTER_NS}, you must create a role for capi-provider-agent in that namespace (this is the same namespace as specified in the hosted cluster Spec (`spec.platform.agent.agentNamespace`).
```
